Okay, these are notes about the images. Image that ends, I'm going to name them by like what the last numbers are. So image triple zero six, the background or like the essentially the the walls got tinted lighter. They were a more vibrant blue now they're lighter blue. Image 0061, the walls again, or much wider than GT or LQ. The LQ and GT seem to have more like a yellowish kind of tint. Image 0071. The floor is a much lighter shade than LQ and GT. And the walls are more of like a slate color than the gray and GT. Image 0072. The wall unlike the very left hand side is more of like a gray color than like the blue that's in GT. Image 0074. The floor color is much lighter than LQ and GT. Image 0082. The wall color is much lighter. And it's much like different shade than LQ and GT. There's is more of like an orange. We have more of like a pale image 0094. The couch is a lot lighter than in LQ and GT. Image 0101. The wall color is much, much lighter than in GT and LQ. Image 0266. The wall color and the floor color is much lighter. Image 0327. The floor color is much, much lighter. Image 0337. The floor color is much lighter. Image 0357. The wall color is much more of like a pale pink with like a mix of gray than it is the kind of purple pink in LQ and GT. Image 0358. The floor color is much lighter than LQ and GT. Image 0361. The floor color is much lighter than LQ and GT. Image 0371. The wall color is more of like basically white than the blue, light blue, tint. That's in LQ and GT. Image 0380. The wall color is more of like a gray than the blue in LQ and GT. Image 0525. The curtain on the very left hand side is much more of like a pink color than like the almost a salmon color in LQ and GT. Image 0013. The wall color is more of like a darker brown or kind of like a light brown. LQ and GT have more of like a darker orangey brown. Image 0017. The wall color is basically white and it's more of like a teal color. Image 0023. The wall colors on the right and left hand side are much less vibrant than in LQ and GT. Image 0040. The wall color is basically white and it's much more blue in LQ and GT.